南大英语复试口语话题
\1.    谷歌事件:In my opinion, it is necessary to regulate the Internet according to law. Google is useful. I often used it to study. for its exit, Im sorry. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\2.    世博会: This is an exciting thing. It is an important and a long history of event. It will display cultural and scientific achievements and so on. I am proud of our country to hold such an event. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\3.    当前中国教育制度: Chinas education system is examination-oriented education. Therefore, the scores become very important and leading students to rigid. I hope that our country can improve this aspect .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\4.    犀利哥现象: He was just a poor man. If it is not because of the media reports, he may have been begging. Poor man like him, there are many needs to be concerned. I hope that our country can improve this aspect. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\5.    男女平等: This is a difficult topic for us. But, I think that women want to be equal. it is not enough that Just a man to respect a woman. Women should be independent. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\6.    留学: If they go abroad in order to knowledge, I support it. And I hope that they will be able to serve China. If it is for fame, I feel that there is no need to go abroad. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\7.    出国: This is a difficult topic for me. But, I think that everyone has their own ideas. If he wants to go abroad, we do not have the right to oppose. He can do what they want to do. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\8.    减肥: We all love beautiful, especially the women like to lose weight. it is good that as long as they do not affect health . Weight loss is not wrong, but there should be an good means. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\9.    关于广告: There are a lot of false advertising. And these ads are vulgar. I do not understand that TV still play them every day. I hope that our country can improve this aspect .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\10.    上网: Network is a tool. It is good or bad, the key lies in how we use it. Network is useful, if it is used to learn .But many people indulge online games and neglect their studies. I hope that our country can improve this aspect .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\11.    人生目标:My ideal is that I can become a Doctor. I hope I can serve the community and realize self-value. In addition, I wish I could have a happy family. Everyone is healthy. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\12.    电视节目: So far, I have a long time did not watch TV. Because I do not like those programs .Many TV programs are boring .And there are too many vulgar advertisement on TV. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\13.    朋友: For us, friends are very important. There may be some misunderstanding between friends, so we need to understand each other. I think it is not important that how many friends you have. but that how many good friends you have. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\14.    体育: I know that sports is very good, but I still do not like it. My friends like play basketball. Sometimes I play badminton. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\15.    生态问题: I have heard the news that the southern drought is very serious. This is the consequence of destroying the ecological environment. "Earth Hour" is just a show. I hope that there is a practical action .I hope that our country can improve this aspect.
\16.    网络流行语的态度: I think ,as long as not too much, network buzzword is permitted . I often surf the Internet .But i do not like the Internet buzzword .Because It can not become a cultural. And although some people think it is a culture, but I think it is not. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\17.    童年生活: My childhood was not happy. This was largely caused by my parents. But I do not complain .So I always told myself I want to build a happy family .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\18.    旅游:Travel is good for relax. I have a dream to travel around the world. But now I am just a student .I do not have enough money .And So this is the future thing. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\19.    人生最重要的抉择与你经常做出抉择吗:I do not often make a decision. In my life there is an important choice, that is taking the entrance exams for postgraduate schools. This is the best way to realize self-value. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\20.    最敬佩的人: There are many people who I admire, he was not a person but a group of people. I admire the people who have contributed to human society. I would also like to be that person through my learning and hard work. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\21.    对钱的看法: “Thats all the fault of the money”. We can often hear such words. I think not like that. That is our fault. This relates to our attitude to money and earning way. We should be proper to make money and save money. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\22.    研究生就业与薪水: Salaries are not unimportant. More importantly, I hope that I can learn something in the work process. I want my salary and my abilities are the same. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\23.    喜欢的歌曲: I like a lot of songs. But the favorite is " a new day has come" Its melody
is beautiful, and give people inspiration. a new day has come, I was waiting for so long for the miracles come. So do I .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\24.    喜欢的电影:My favorite movie is Shawshank Redemption. When I watched the film, I am very excited to watch again and again. I like Andy, for his talent. And the most important thing that I like is his spirit that never giving up. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\25.    我的家乡: My home is Linchuan. I think many people should know WangAnShi. Economy is not developed enough, but the landscape very well, no contamination. It had my family and friends, in my eyes, it is the best hometown. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\26.    男女未婚同居: I do not want people to do that. Among them, many people have no sense of marriage. Unmarried cohabitation is both irresponsible. That would make the woman suffer great harm. Of course, everyone has the right to choose their own way of life. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\27.    网恋: Internet Love is too unreal. From the network, you can not fully understand him. I hope that people can pay more attention to the reality. I do not know the attitude of others .But I do not want internet love. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\28.    小沈阳: In the spring night, he showed well. Only once, people may feel funny. However, he does so for a long time, then, it is not very good. I hope that he will try other ways. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\29.    现代生活问题: Today, we have rich material life. But we are not happy. And there are a lot of problems. We do not have faith, and our spiritual life is not enough. We have too many pressures. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\30.    金融危机:Housing prices are very high now. Government in this area is not good. If do not improve, the consequences are serious. GDP is just a number. I hope our country can understand this and improve this aspect .Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\31.    天气:Todays weather is not bad. But I do not know what the weather it was in my heart. My heart is very nervous.No matter what the weather it was, it was only temporary. Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\32.    机会:I think that Who prepared and who can have a chance. People who are not ready and the opportunity will pass. Now I have a chance. I w**, just do not know what will happen.Teacher, this is some of my ideas.
\33.    校园恋爱: I think it is possible.Now, love is everywhere,its popular,including on the campus,between the young boys and girls. All in all, In most time,I hope that students should hard study.



**口语篇：**

　　流程：先读一篇短文，测试下你的发音，然后是抽话题跟搭档对话(有的老师要求说几句就可以，我那个老师我们说了好久就是不喊停)，然后老师提问(基本是1-2个问题，但是我被问了4个，比较悲剧)，基本上不要冷场，及格是没有问题的。

　　我知道的口语话题有：

　　大学恋爱

　　房价问题

　　出国留学

　　减肥问题

　　中国教育

　　社会问题

　　网恋问题

　　环境保护

　　低碳经济

　　旅游问题

　　气候变化

　　....



